README.md, before:

[![](https://codecov.io/gh/nickderobertis/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/nickderobertis/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example)](https://pypi.org/project/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example/)
![PyPI - License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-pass-green)](https://nickderobertis.github.io/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example/)
[![Github Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/repo-github-informational)](https://github.com/nickderobertis/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example/)


#  pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example

## Overview

Example output for https://github.com/nickderobertis/copier-pypi-sphinx-flexlate

## Getting Started

Install `pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example`:

```
pip install pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example
```

A simple example:

```python
import pypi_sphinx_flexlate_example

# Do something with pypi_sphinx_flexlate_example
```

See a
[more in-depth tutorial here.](
https://nickderobertis.github.io/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example/tutorial.html
)

## Development Status

This project is currently in early-stage development. There may be
breaking changes often. While the major version is 0, minor version
upgrades will often have breaking changes.

## Author

Created by Nick DeRobertis. MIT License.

## Links

See the
[documentation here.](
https://nickderobertis.github.io/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example/
)

Commit message:

Update flexlate templates
copier-pypi-sphinx-flexlate: b3a10912977b71ae7a5d4ec51f976366

-------------------BEGIN FLEXLATE TRANSACTION-------------------
{
  "type": "update",
  "target": null,
  "out_root": null,
  "data": [
    {
      "author_email": "derobertis.nick@gmail.com",
      "full_name": "Pypi Sphinx Flexlate Example",
      "google_analytics_id": "",
      "install_packages": "",
      "logo_url": "",
      "main_branch_name": "main",
      "package_author": "Nick DeRobertis",
      "package_directory": "pypi_sphinx_flexlate_example",
      "package_name": "pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example",
      "repo_name": "pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example",
      "repo_username": "nickderobertis",
      "short_description": "Example output for https://github.com/nickderobertis/copier-pypi-sphinx-flexlate"
    }
  ],
  "id": "0166b9d3-99dd-4d03-8280-76bee15f30b1"
}

README.md, after:

[![](https://codecov.io/gh/nickderobertis/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/nickderobertis/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example)](https://pypi.org/project/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example/)
![PyPI - License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-pass-green)](https://nickderobertis.github.io/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example/)
[![Github Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/repo-github-informational)](https://github.com/nickderobertis/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example/)


#  pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example

## Overview

Example output for https://github.com/nickderobertis/copier-pypi-sphinx-flexlate

## Getting Started

Install `pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example`:

```
pip install pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example
```

A simple example:

```python
import pypi_sphinx_flexlate_example

# Do something with pypi_sphinx_flexlate_example
```

See a
[more in-depth tutorial here.](
https://nickderobertis.github.io/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example/tutorial.html
)

## Development Status

This project is currently in early-stage development. There may be
breaking changes often. While the major version is 0, minor version
upgrades will often have breaking changes.

## Developing

Clone the repo and run `npm install` and `pipenv sync`. Make your changes
and then run `nox` to run formatting, linting, and tests.

Develop documentation by running `nox -s docs` to start up a dev server.

## Author

Created by Nick DeRobertis. MIT License.

## Links

See the
[documentation here.](
https://nickderobertis.github.io/pypi-sphinx-flexlate-example/
)
